## JSON Parser Documentation

### Introduction
This is a simple Custom JSON parser application implemented in Java. It provides functionalities to parse JSON strings and convert them into Java objects.

### Components
1. **Lexer**: The Lexer class is responsible for tokenizing the input JSON string. It breaks down the input JSON into individual tokens such as strings, numbers, booleans, etc. based on the JSON syntax rules.

2. **Token**: The Token class represents a single token generated by the Lexer. Each token has a type (e.g., STRING, DIGIT, etc.) and a corresponding value.

3. **Parser**: The Parser class parses the tokenized JSON string and constructs a JsonObject representation of the JSON structure. It utilizes the Lexer to tokenize the input JSON string.

4. **JsonObject**: The JsonObject class represents a JSON object. It stores key-value pairs parsed from the input JSON string. It also provides methods to access and manipulate the stored properties.

5. **JsonParser**: The JsonParser class serves as the entry point for the application. It takes a JSON string as input, parses it using the Parser, and outputs the resulting JsonObject.

### Usage
To use the JSON parser, follow these steps:

1. **Compile**: clone and Compile the Java files using a Java compiler.
   ```bash
   $ git clone <json parser repo>
   
   $ javac Lexer.java Token.java TokenType.java Parser.java JsonObject.java JsonParser.java
   ```
   or go to the packaged directory where you will find a jar file that you can run
   ```bash
   $ cd packaged
   
   $ Java -jar JsonParser.jar <json string>
  
   or
    
   $ ./jsonParser <json string>
   ```

2. **Run**: Execute the JsonParser class with a JSON string as input.
   ```bash
   java JsonParser '{"name": "John", "age": 30, "isStudent": false}'
   ```
   Replace `{"name": "John", "age": 30, "isStudent": false}` with your JSON string.

### Example
Consider the following JSON string:
```json
{
  "name": "John",
  "age": 30,
  "isStudent": false,
  "address": {
    "city": "New York",
    "zip": 10001
  },
  "hobbies": ["reading", "cooking", "gardening"]
}
```
Running the JSON parser with this JSON string will produce the following output:
```
JsonObject: {"name": "John", "age": 30, "isStudent": false, "address": {"city": "New York", "zip": 10001}, "hobbies": ["reading", "cooking", "gardening"]}
```

### Features
- Tokenization of JSON strings
- Parsing JSON objects and arrays
- Handling of nested JSON structures
- Error handling for invalid JSON syntax
- Convert JSON string to Java object representation

### Conclusion
The JSON parser application provides a simple yet effective way to parse JSON strings in Java applications. It can be used in various scenarios where JSON data needs to be processed and manipulated programmatically.